The longer they’d spent on the meteor, the less anyone really cared about the concept of privacy. Dave found it comforting to know that there were still other people around, even if they were nude or straight-up fucking. Better to stumble upon a couple of trolls in a weird sex pile than be completely alone in this cold, strange place. It was normal to him, acceptable even, to encounter a teen pressed against a cold gray wall, getting their pussy fucked.  Except more often than not, it was his sister getting fucked by her girlfriend. Dave wished he could say he was disgusted or disturbed, but he wasn’t. He knew that John and Jade would be appalled by him, but Dave couldn’t find it in him to care. If he happened to catch his sister a few (dozen) times getting fucked by her alien girlfriend’s cock, why bother denying how ridiculously hot it was? It wasn’t like he went out of his way to peep on them, he just didn’t immediately walk away if he caught them in the act. It wasn’t that bad.  Just like what happened about ten minutes ago, when Dave quietly walked through a corridor and happened to stumble upon Kanaya fucking deep into Rose’s pussy. He didn’t know for sure that they’d be fucking, he was just walking around aimlessly to the various spots where he’d previously seen them having sex.  “There?” Kanaya asked, her skin glowing and creating a sensual halo of light around Dave’s sister. Rose nodded her head, her breasts swaying as Kanaya continued thrusting into her. Dave could hear the soft smacking of skin against skin, the wet squelch of pussy juice. He tucked himself a bit closer to the wall, his breathing short and choppy. “Are you close?” Rose asked, reaching a hand up to slide across her bare waist, her fingers dipping between her legs. Dave watched his sister touch herself while her girlfriend pounded her pussy from behind.  “Yes,” Kanaya answered, her voice rough with strain. Tension filled his muscles, his chest tight as he struggled to breathe. Their bodies moved together gracefully, and from this angle, Dave could just barely see a flash of jade cock as it slid between Rose’s curvy, pale legs. They were a vision together; two gorgeous girls deep in the throes of passion, seemingly unaware of their audience. The shame of his behavior made Dave’s skin crawl.  Kanaya gasped and stilled, her pussy squirting a jet of genetic material that cascaded down her thighs and splashed loudly onto the floor. Still filled with Kanaya’s cock, Rose groaned, working her hand faster, her thighs shaking and skin glistening with sweat, before she stiffened with a bit-off groan, likely orgasming.  Dave watched as Kanaya pulled her cock out of Rose’s pussy, the squirming, wriggling length of her bulge softly retreating into her sheath. Rose turned and pressed herself against Kanaya’s chest, showing off the round curve of her ass to Dave’s hungry, shameful gaze.  “Dear,” Kanaya began, wrapping her arms around Rose’s waist as she peered lovingly into her girlfriend’s eyes. Dave could sense an oncoming display of sappy girlfriend shit, and quickly absconded, flash-stepping away. Watching them have sex was one thing, but he’d leave all the emotional snooping to his boyfriend.  Now, in the present, Dave peeled off Karkat’s pants, his mouth filling with saliva at the sight of his boyfriend’s swollen, flushed pussy. His cock had been uncomfortably hard ever since he first stumbled upon his sister and her girlfriend having sex, and now it was getting into agonizing territory. He was so hungry for this his stomach was growling.  “What got you so riled up, huh?” Karkat asked, though it was obvious from his tone that he was enjoying every second of it. Dave shrugged and nuzzled into Karkat’s pussy, hoping to distract him with pleasure.  “Can’t a guy just want his boyfriend’s pussy?” Dave asked, opening his mouth wide and sliding the broad flat of his tongue along every single centimeter of Karkat’s dripping cunt. Karkat groaned and tossed his head back, his bare thighs trembling on either side of Dave’s head. “Hff, you’re so good at this,” Karkat hissed out, pressing the sharp tips of his claws into the nape of Dave’s neck. Dave trembled and licked deeper into Karkat’s pussy, pressing his nose and lips into Karkat’s wet, dripping folds. His whole face was encompassed by Karkat’s pussy, and he delved deeper, savoring his flavor and deeply inhaling his scent. Karkat keened and threw his head back, his other hand loosely grasped around his bulge.  Dave slid his mouth up Karkat’s pussy and wrapped his lips around his clit. He inhaled sharply, creating a tight suction around his clit before sucking it with deep pulls of his tongue. Karkat squealed, his bulge curling around his fingers and nook gushing with pussy juice. Dave stopped his vacuum-suction to drink up some of the sweet-sour liquid, his tongue sliding between Karkat’s folds as he swallowed him down.  Swallowing another mouthful of red nectar, Dave moved his lips back up to Karkat’s clit and eagerly sucked it into his mouth again. He pulsed his tongue over and over, flicking and nibbling Karkat’s clit until he was a trembling, crying mess. A breathless smirk crossed over Dave’s face, and he reached down to adjust his boner, feeling his painfully hard length but not quite stroking it. There was no need to. Raising a hand up to Karkat’s inner thighs, Dave slowly inserted two fingers into his pussy, his cock throbbing hard at the tightness gripping his fingers and the gushing fluids dripping down his arm. Karkat’s moans echoed throughout the room, desperate and warbling. With his mouth on Karkat’s clit and his fingers thrusting inside his pussy, Dave came in his pants, his cock pulsing cum as he sped up his pace.  “Fuck!” Karkat screamed, his stomach stiff and tense as he came, squirting a blast of genetic material all over Dave’s chin and chest. Dave opened his mouth wide, collecting as much fluid as he could before spitting it out, panting hard at the strong flavor and utter debauchery. Karkat whimpered and squirmed, his bulge retracting as he stared down at his boyfriend. “Impressive, you’ve managed to make the biggest mess yet,” Karkat said, laughing amicably. Dave smiled back up at him, watching as Karkat’s face suddenly turned beet red and his eyes flickered from the corridor back to Dave.  “What?” Dave whispered, staying completely still as Karkat rubbed a hand through his messy black hair. Red tears were half-dried on his flushed cheeks, and his skin shined with sweat. Karkat shook his head, a shy grin curling up his lips. “Guess I was being a bit too loud. We had an audience,” Karkat said, his voice about as quiet as he could make it. Dave felt his own cheeks heat at that, and unsubtly turned around, spotting the tall, statuesque silhouette of Kanaya as she quietly absconded. His heart beat frantically as he wondered just how much she saw… though, he supposed it was only fair that she got to peep considering the show Dave got earlier.  Chuckling a bit under his breath, Dave stood up, flicking off some of the fluid from his arms.  “Oh well, that’s just how it is around here,” Dave said. “Wanna take a bath?” he asked. Karkat barked out a laugh, dragging his eyes unsubtly over Dave’s cum-covered body.  “Yeah, you need it more than I do,” Karkat replied. Dave smirked and grabbed his dripping wet shirt, peeling if off before rubbing it playfully against Karkat’s chest. Some of the fluid immediately soaked through, and Karkat yelped, busting into laughter before running away towards the nearest transportalizer pad.  “Stop that, you’re disgusting!” Karkat teased, his laughter echoing in the room as he transported away. Shaking his head, Dave followed him, his heart swelling with affection.  Stretching her long legs out before her, Kanaya leaned heavily into the plush armrest of the couch she was lounging on. A few feet away, Rose worked diligently on her latest crocheting project, her brows furrowed in concentration and deft fingers working quickly. She thought of Rose’s fingers slipping into her nook, and then she thought of Dave’s fingers pumping hard and fast into Karkat’s. Cheeks flushing jade, Kanaya quickly looked away, frustrated that no matter how much she tried, she couldn’t stop thinking about the lewd scene she’d encountered yesterday.  The sight of Karkat with his legs spread and his face warped in pleasure, his fingers tight around his bulge as Dave worked his mouth and fingers on his nook – was haunting. His pleasure seemed all-encompassing, overwhelming. His voice was so desperate, his body shivering and squirming before he came hard, spraying Dave’s face with the most cum Kanaya had ever seen in her life.  Glancing over at her matesprit, Kanaya squeezed her thighs together, her blood pusher pumping as she imagined Dave doing those things to her like he did to Karkat. She wanted to feel his fingers slide between her folds, his mouth working her nook like he was drinking her down. Karkat made it look so good.  Reapplying her lipstick, Kanaya stood up from the couch. She bid farewell to Rose before making her way through the meteor, her cheeks flushed with blood as she attempted to locate Karkat. She had questions, and she hoped he could answer them.  Eventually, she found him watching a movie on his viewport, Dave seated on the other side of the room with his headphones in and DJ equipment whirring. Swallowing down her nerves, Kanaya sat down next to Karkat.  “Good evening,” she greeted. She felt a little awkward talking to Karkat directly, since the last time she’d seen him, he was getting his nook licked. Karkat paused the movie and turned to face Kanaya, a soft dusting of red across his cheeks.  “Hey, what’s up?” he asked, looking almost as awkward as she felt. Kanaya smiled in a way she hoped was reassuring before jumping straight into it.  “What was Dave doing to you yesterday?” she asked in a hushed tone. Karkat jolted, his cheeks burning red and lips curling up in a naughty grin.  “Kanaya, seriously? You don’t know?” he asked, cocking his head. Kanaya prickled defensively, feeling a bit flustered.  “Well, of course I know – Rose hasn’t slacked in her affections. It’s just that… it seemed quite different,” Kanaya said. Karkat looked at her thoughtfully.  “If by different you mean I was a sloppy mess and you wanna know the details?” Karkat asked, his voice sounding a little too gossipy for Kanaya’s taste, though she supposed she was gossiping with Karkat, after all.  “I wouldn’t word it like that, but yes,” she replied, flushing a bit. “What does he feel like?” she asked, clenching her nook in anticipation. Karkat leaned closer to Kanaya, his warm breath hot on her neck as he spoke right into her ear. “When Dave puts his mouth on your nook, it’s like he’s some kind of crazy alien sex toy. He’ll suck and nibble and lick your whole nook like it’s the tastiest thing he’s ever eaten, like he’s starving for it. And he really does love it, he’ll cum in his pants just from licking nook,” Karkat explained, squirming in his seat. Kanaya’s breath hitched and she felt her own nook flood with arousal, her breathing stuttering in surprise.  “He’s that good?” she asked.  “Yeah, you have no idea. His fingers are fucking perfect, too, he can find your sweet spot and flick it over and over, until you can’t stop your genetic material from gushing everywhere. It’s fucking wild.” Karkat’s breathing was rough now, his thighs pressed tightly together and eyes half-lidded.  “Whoa,” Kanaya answered, squirming her hips.  “Yeah.” They sat in silence for a few moments, both visibly flustered.  “You want me to ask Dave if he’ll do it to you?” Karkat asked, voice casual like it was no big deal. Kanaya’s eyes widened in shock, and she looked over at her friend, disbelief clear across her face. “What?” she asked.  “Oh c’mon, don’t act like you’re not tempted,” Karkat said, smiling naughtily.  “It’s not that I’m not tempted, but…” she began, swallowing tersely. “The humans have some strange beliefs about this sort of thing,” she said. Karkat rolled his eyes.  “Just ask Rose if she’s cool with it and I’ll ask Dave.” He leaned closer to Kanaya, whispering into her ear again. “I think he’s going to jump at the opportunity to eat more nook though, he’s not very subtle about how much he loves it,” Karkat said, chuckling a bit.  “I wish it were that easy,” Kanaya said.  “Well, you could always tell Rose that she can join you. I’ll be there, too. Then we can all be on the same page about it – no miscommunication.” “Maybe,” Kanaya said, trying not to get her hopes up too much.  “C’mon, don’t you want Dave to worship your nook?” Karkat asked, nudging her arm playfully. Kanaya’s nook clenched hard, and she shot Karkat a desperate look.  “I really want him to,” she replied, whispering as if she was sharing a huge secret. “Fine, you’ve convinced me. I’ll ask Rose.” Karkat’s grin turned wolfish and he leaned back on the couch, grabbing the remote control and pointing it at the viewport.  “Let me know how it goes!” he said. Kanaya nodded and exited the room, adrenaline racing through her veins.  Rose couldn’t recall when Kanaya had left the room, but she certainly noticed her girlfriend returning. Her cheeks were flushed jade and there was a certain glint in her eye that immediately captured Rose’s interest.  “You look like you saw a ghost,” Rose commented, quirking an eyebrow. Kanaya smiled, the curve a bit more unsure than usual. Her curiosity piqued, Rose sat down her crochet project and gave her girlfriend her undivided attention.  “I just spoke to Karkat and there’s something I want to talk to you about,” Kanaya said. Rose crossed her legs, gesturing for Kanaya to continue. “I walked in on him and Dave, uh, having sex yesterday,” Kanaya confessed.  “Sure, that’s not unusual,” Rose said, swallowing thickly as she thought of the numerous times she’d walked in on the same thing. For her, it was always accidental, though she had her suspicions that her brother was something of a voyeur. He seemed to constantly find himself just around the corner whenever her and Kanaya had one of their trysts. Not that she was one to talk. She’d figured long ago that she had to be something of an exhibitionist to continue having sex where her brother could watch her.  “Well, I couldn’t help but observe that Karkat was… really enjoying himself. To an excessive degree, almost.” Rose raised an eyebrow. “He made it look good,” Kanaya added, her voice breathless.  “So you spoke to Karkat about it?” Rose asked, smirking a bit at Kanaya’s flushing cheeks.  “Yes, I was curious if there was something extraordinary about Dave’s sexual prowess,” Kanaya admitted. Rose squeezed her thighs tighter, subtly stimulating her drenched pussy. This conversation was taking a depraved turn.  “And? What did you learn?” Rose asked.  “According to Karkat, Dave is so obsessed with nook he’s practically starving for it,” Kanaya said, clearing her throat and adjusting the drape of her skirt. “He apparently loves it so much he can climax just from eating nook. Such, ah, enthusiasm must be thrilling.” Rose felt her throat go dry, her amusement shriveling up in the face of overwhelming arousal.  “I see. You want to experience that for yourself,” Rose stated, unable to swallow down the rough, jealous edge to her voice. A part of her desperately wanted to swap places with Kanaya, but she wouldn’t dare admit it. Kanaya’s expression morphed into one of concern, her finely styled brows drawn together.  “I can assure you, that desire can be repressed if you’re uncomfortable with it,” Kanaya said, her fangs digging into her lower lip. “This is merely a passing whimsy. It’s you who matters most to me, more than anything,” Kanaya said, leaning towards Rose with an outstretched hand. Rose closed the distance between them and slotted her hand in Kanaya’s.  “I know, dear. I have no insecurities in our relationship,” Rose said, smiling reassuringly at her girlfriend. It wasn’t that she was jealous of Dave for potentially fucking her girlfriend, but that she was jealous of Kanaya getting a chance to fuck her brother. Kanaya’s worry melted away, and she brought their joined hands up to her mouth, pressing a kiss to Rose’s knuckles.  “Then perhaps Karkat’s suggestion was right. He thought you might prefer accompanying me when I visit Dave, along with Karkat. That way we could avoid any misunderstandings,” Kanaya said.  Rose felt all the air leave her lungs, her body thrumming with adrenaline just at the thought of doing something so utterly immoral. To sit and watch her girlfriend get her pussy eaten by her brother? It was complete madness. She’d have to be an insane pervert to agree to something like that. “Yes, I like that idea. I’ll accompany you,” Rose said, her cheeks warm with shame and pussy so wet she’d soaked through her panties. Kanaya lit up, leaning forward and capturing Rose’s lips in an excited, needy kiss.  “I’m glad, I’d like you to be there,” Kanaya breathed out, sliding her tongue along the roof of Rose’s mouth. Rose trembled, pulling Kanaya closer until her knee wedged against Rose’s pussy.  “Me too,” Rose groaned, throwing her head back in pleasure as Kanaya grinded her knee against her dripping panties.  When Karkat approached Dave and asked him if he wanted to go down on Kanaya, Dave initially assumed his boyfriend was fucking with him. He was still getting accustomed to the odd, demi-polyamorous lifestyle most trolls saw as completely normal. To Karkat, if Kanaya wanted Dave to eat her out, the most logical conclusion was to ask Dave to do it.  The moment Dave realized Karkat was serious, he nearly came his pants. Karkat explained that it didn’t matter to trolls that Kanaya was his sister’s girlfriend, it only mattered that everyone consented. Even if his sister was going to be present for the whole thing, watching her brother drink down her girlfriend’s pussy like it was a thick ice-cream shake.  Dave was almost positive somebody had explained to Karkat what incest was – surely in one of those pesterlogs ages ago when they discovered their sibling relationship. It wasn’t a matter of ignorance, just that he didn’t give a shit, and neither did Kanaya… or Rose, apparently.  Naturally, Dave agreed to it. It helped that Karkat emphasized just how horny Kanaya was to get Dave on her pussy, and Dave was definitely not complaining about the idea of slurping down some delicious jade nectar. But that wasn’t his biggest motivation for agreeing to this unconventional arrangement – no, he was practically creaming himself at the thought of his sister watching the whole thing go down.  Heh. Go down.  Dave had been on edge ever since his conversation with Karkat the night before, practically shaking out of his skin in anticipation for this rendezvous to take place. His mind was filled with visions of plump jade pussy, dripping with cum – and of Rose’s violet eyes burning into him as she watched her brother lick her girlfriend’s pussy.  Adjusting his ever-present boner, Dave walked up to Karkat on the couch, his cheeks pink and breathing already rough. Karkat glanced up at him, shooting him a smile that was far too amused.  “I can see you’re already ready,” Karkat observed, glancing pointedly down at the bulge in Dave’s loose-fitting pants.  “Yeah, yeah, laugh it up while you still can, cause I know you’re gonna be a whimpering, gasping mess when you see me between Kanaya’s legs,” Dave replied, smirking as Karkat’s grin dropped and a breathy moan spilled from his lips instead.  “Fuck you,” Karkat hissed back, pushing a hand through his messy hair and situating himself on the far left edge of the couch. Kanaya and Rose were supposed to be here any minute, and even if Karkat wasn’t willing to admit it, they were both dying of anticipation and ready for the show to get on the road.  The faint sound of heels clacking against metal echoed through the room, and Dave shot Karkat one last look before he positioned himself casually against the side of the couch. Kanaya and Rose walked in, both slightly flushed and definitely too calm considering what they came here to do.  “Good evenin’, ladies,” Dave greeted. “Welcome to the Dave show, audience of 2. Kanaya, how’re you feelin’?” Kanaya smiled, the curve slightly confused, as she walked a bit closer to Dave. Rose hung back a bit behind Kanaya, a hand on her hip and her eyes scanning the room.  “I’m doing well. Thank you for agreeing to meet, I know this situation is a bit unusual for humans,” Kanaya said. Dave waved her off, his poker face fully in place. He didn’t even glance at Rose to see her reaction to that statement, his eyes firmly on Kanaya. It took considerable willpower.  “Ain’t no thang,” Dave said. “Still good with me eating your pussy?” Dave asked, keeping his voice cool and neutral. Kanaya’s cheeks flushed hotter and she bit her lip, her freaky-cool vampire fangs on full display.  “Yes,” Kanaya replied. Dave nodded his head. A beat of silence passed between them, the awkwardness of the situation sinking in. “Well, I don’t want to wait around all day! Kanaya, come sit by me,” Karkat said, patting the couch next to him. “Rose can sit by you, too,” he added. Kanaya sat in the middle of the couch, Karkat and Rose on either side of her.  Dave had been doing a good job of ignoring Rose up until this point, but he couldn’t resist glancing over at her just to gauge her expression. She met his gaze unwaveringly, her poker face perfectly intact. She looked calm and collected, maybe even a little bored, though the slight dusting of pink on her cheeks ruined the illusion of total impassiveness.  Sliding his shades off, Dave carefully set them down on the table behind him, turning to face his leading actress and the two audience members. He always felt bare after taking his shades off, but it was the price he had to pay if he wanted to eat pussy.  Kanaya reached her hands down, undoing a tie on the front of her skirt with slightly trembling fingers. She gave one last look over at Rose before she unwrapped her skirt, separating the two panels and pushing them to the side next to her hips.  Dave’s breath caught in his throat. Kanaya was nude from the waist-down, her bulge already unsheathed and wriggling onto itself. She spread her thighs a bit, exposing the flushed length of her pussy for Dave’s hungry gaze. His mouth filled with saliva, and his stomach growled.  “Damn, momma,” Dave breathed out, stepping closer and kneeling between Kanaya’s legs. Her lips parted in a gasp that was mostly air, and she shivered. Dave had seen Kanaya’s junk several times, but never up close. From this angle, her bulge looked positively massive, writhing and pulsing under his unguarded gaze.  He reached forward, meeting Kanaya’s gaze with his hand hovering in the air beside her cock.  “Can I…?” he asked, groaning when she nodded her head in assent. Eagerly, Dave wrapped his hand around the girth of Kanaya’s cock, squeezing it and stroking it in the strange way trolls seemed to prefer. She whimpered, her bulge becoming slicker in his hand.  “I thought you were going to eat her nook, Dave,” Karkat whined, though his voice was tight with arousal. Dave nodded his head, sliding his gaze up Kanaya’s womanly body before meeting her eyes.  “A gentleman can’t ignore a lady’s cock; I had to get myself acquainted first,” he said, rubbing his fingers down her length until he reached the dripping base. “It’s only polite,” he added, licking his lips.  “Now, scoot forward for me, momma, so I can reach ya better,” Dave suggested. He leaned back, watching Kanaya scooch to the edge of the couch. Situating himself fully between her thighs, Dave spread her legs further, his heart racing as he scoped her pussy. Fuck, she looked good. Her pussy was plump and flushed with jade blood, already glistening with her juices.  Leaning forward, Dave pressed a chaste kiss to Kanaya’s thigh, his hands gently stroking her legs and getting her warmed up for what was to come. He pressed teasing, increasingly wet kisses all the way up her thigh until he reached the crease of her groin where leg met crotch. He breathed in deeply, eyebrows drawing together in pleasure at her thick scent.  “You smell so good,” Dave sighed, barely loud enough to hear over his own pounding heart. Kanaya’s breath hitched at that, and her thighs shyly squeezed inward, as if to close her legs. Dave kept her legs firmly spread, sliding his tongue along her smooth mound and teasing the base of her bulge.  “That’s what I always tell you,” Rose whispered, and when Dave looked up, he noticed his sister pressed against her girlfriend’s side, speaking directly in her ear. “You smell so sweet,” she said. His sister’s boobs were squished against her girlfriend’s arm, her cleavage nearly pooling out of her low-cut top. Dave’s cock throbbed hard, his persistent arousal reaching new, nearly unbearable heights. Focus.  “Let me see if she tastes as sweet as she smells,” Dave said, leaning forward and dragging his tongue slowly from her entrance all the way up to her clit, enveloping her plump folds with his broad tongue. He repeated the motion several times, moving slow and firm as he tried to take as much of her pussy into his mouth as possible over and over. His nose and chin were slippery with her juices almost instantly, and he groaned when he felt a burst of liquid splash against his chin.  “Well? Is she sweet?” Karkat asked, his eyes glued to the sight of Dave rubbing his mouth all over Kanaya’s pussy. Dave sat back, reaching a hand out to drag two fingers along the length of Kanaya’s pussy before bringing the doused digits up to his face. Kanaya’s hips twitched hard, her pussy clenching visibly. Dave met Kanaya’s eyes, and then sucked his fingers into his mouth, half of his face shiny with Kanaya’s juices already.  “Oh my,” Kanaya breathed out, her pussy gushing and bulge thrashing impatiently. Dave slurped his fingers like he sucked cock before pulling them out with a wet pop.  “She’s better than candy,” Dave said, licking his lips to chase that addictive flavor before diving back between her legs to get more. Kanaya’s breath left her in a needy, surprised gasp, and Dave groaned as he drank down her nectar.  “See what I mean? He’s insatiable,” Karkat said, squirming his hips as his bulge slid out of his sheath and pressed impatiently against the front of his pants. Dave alternated between sucking Kanaya’s lips into his mouth and sliding his tongue across her length - wet, sloshing sounds accompanying his every move. Beneath him, Kanaya’s pussy throbbed on his tongue, nearly suffocating him with her tender flesh.  Sliding his mouth lower, Dave stiffened his tongue, thrusting the muscle as deep as he could inside her, now gaping, hole. Kanaya’s moan of pleasure echoed in the room, and Dave grinned, thrusting his tongue in and out, his nose buried between her soft folds. He had to breathe out of his mouth now, sucking in shallow puffs of air as his tongue fucked Kanaya’s pussy.  “Dave-!” Kanaya cried out, her voice that special level of desperate that let Dave know she was close. Tilting his face back, Dave met Kanaya’s gaze, admiring the feminine swell of her breasts and her jade-flushed cheeks. He raised his mouth up to her clit, and sucked it in, nibbling the sensitive bud and swirling his tongue in tight, excruciating circles.  Kanaya’s entire body stiffened and she very nearly screamed, her hands scrabbling along the couch and grasping the back of Dave’s head as she squirted out a hot, sweet burst of genetic material all over him. Leaning back, Dave opened his mouth wide, jade fluid spraying across his teeth and tongue, his eyes burning into Kanaya’s as she marked him with her cum.  Beside her, Rose’s eyes were glued to Dave, her lips parted in slightly labored breaths. Dave’s cock had never been harder in his life.  Spitting out the excess fluid, Dave leaned forward, sliding two fingers inside Kanaya’s nook and curling them up against her sweet spot. Kanaya’s pussy clenched hard around him, a noisy squelch and a burst of liquid greeting his fingers. She was so wet, both from her cum and her natural lubricant, that Dave’s arm was dripping with pretty green liquid.  “Oh,” Kanaya moaned. “Feels so good,” she stuttered out, her hips squirming as she chased the never-ending stimulation. Her voice was warbling and rough, drool spilling from the corner of her lips.  Dave slowed down his pace deliberately, using firm, precise movements to make sure she felt every single thrust of his fingers in her pussy. Kanaya squirmed her hips, writhing at the intensity, and Dave used his free hand to hold her hips in place. She let out another tiny burst of liquid, one that splashed along Dave’s fingers and left droplets along Dave’s shirt and arms, and Dave felt his mouth water.  “One sec,” he said, pulling his arm back and quickly taking off his shirt. It was already soaked, anyway. Tossing it behind him, Dave took a moment to observe his audience, meeting Karkat’s half-lidded gaze. His bulge was clearly wiggling in his pants, though he made no movement to take care of it. On Kanaya’s other side, Rose was watching with rapt attention, her thighs spread and chest heaving with deep breaths. If only she wasn’t wearing such a long skirt, Dave wanted to look up his sister’s skirt so bad he was getting lightheaded.  Swallowing, Dave met Kanaya’s gaze again, his cock throbbing at how utterly fucked out she looked. Her pussy was clenching repeatedly around nothing, jade liquid splattered all over her thighs and dripping down her legs, while a line of drool travelled down her chin. His mouth watering, Dave dived back in, burying his face in her pussy and sliding two fingers inside her gaping cunt.  “Yes!” Kanaya squealed, rocking up into Dave’s face as he worshipped every inch of her slippery, swollen pussy, his fingers pumping inside her as he sucked her clit. Her moans became louder, reaching a hoarse peak as she sprayed her cum all over Dave’s chin and arm for the second time in only a handful of minutes.  Dave fingered her through it, watching perversely as her pussy squeezed and twitched through its orgasm. His breathing was labored like he just surfaced from a long swim, his body just about as drenched, too. He wasn’t going to bring attention to it, but he was painfully close to cumming himself.  Wiping his mouth with the back of his hand, Dave sat back, observing the debauched state he’d left Kanaya in. Her legs were spread wide, pussy and softening bulge on full display as she deliriously caught her breath. She seemed maybe half-aware of what was going on, her panting breaths wet and eyes hazy as she stared down at Dave.  “How are you feeling, dear?” Rose asked, breaking the silence. Kanaya swallowed, blinking a few times as she visibly began collecting herself. When she met Dave’s gaze, her eyes widened, her flushed cheeks darkening as she observed Dave’s equally debauched appearance.  “I’m impressed,” Kanaya said, clearing her throat when she heard the rough, breathy quality of her voice. She bit her lip, finally closing her thighs and tucking away the succulent sight of her well-fucked cunt.  “Rose, do you want to go next?” Karkat asked, his casual tone hiding a multitude of sins. Dave couldn’t help it. It was instinct, or self-sabotage, but his eyes darted over to Rose without any thought to how clearly his panic was visible in his uncovered eyes. Rose’s cool expression melted a bit when she met Dave’s gaze, her own eyes widening in shock.  “Huh?” he ineloquently muttered, his cheeks flushing in humiliation as his cock throbbed in excitement.  “Yeah, Rose, you should see it for yourself,” Kanaya said, only encouraging the increasingly perverse state of affairs. Rose’s face scrunched up in a look that was equal parts disturbed and intrigued, and Dave could only gape over at her, having shockingly little control of his own expressions and behavior.  The tension between them grew and grew, so thick in the air it was like a physical barrier between them, pulsing and oppressive. Dave had just gotten permission from his boyfriend and his sister’s girlfriend to eat his sister out. His mind was broken.  “Well? Don’t you want to?” Karkat asked, his voice edging on impatience.  “Do you?” Rose asked with an alarming amount of sincerity. Dave felt a chill go down his spine, and he wiped off some of Kanaya’s cum from his face, wondering just how absurdly debauched he looked right now.  Pooling together all of his nerve, Dave nodded his head.  “Do you?” he asked her, watching his sister spread her legs further, the material growing taut between her knees.  “Yes,” she answered, her voice barely above a whisper. Karkat’s breath hitched, and Kanaya sighed softly, and with that, Dave shifted over to kneel between his sister’s legs.  His pulse pounded deafeningly loud in his ears as Dave hesitantly reached out a hand out to cup Rose’s calves. He dragged them up to her knees, tugging up the material along the way. His cock was pulsing and twitching nonstop now, the tight confines of his pants creating constant pressure on his needy cock. His cheeks were hot with shame, though his perverse intrigue kept him from running out of the room to escape this suffocating atmosphere.  Dave could almost hear John’s voice in his head, teeming with disgust, as he lifted up his sister’s skirt and peeked inside it. The air was warmer down here, and Dave inhaled deeply, smelling a thick wave of Rose’s scent. His mouth fell open in a groan, and he looked between Rose’s legs, observing the glistening, huge wet patch across the front of her panties. If he looked a bit closer, he could see the imprint of her plump labia against the soaking wet fabric.  Sucking in another gulp of musky air, Dave ducked his head down under Rose’s skirt, hotboxing himself in her scent. She smelled so much different than troll pussy – where Karkat and Kanaya had similar, sour-sweet scents, Rose smelled salty and musky. Dave huffed the scent in, pressing his head deeper and deeper until his nose brushed against the drenched fabric of her panties.  Rose whimpered above him, her hand cupping the back of Dave’s head through her skirt, and Dave promptly blew his load in his pants. Wave after wave of orgasmic bliss came over Dave’s body as he inhaled the pungent scent of his sister’s pussy, his cock throbbing as he squirted his cum inside his underwear. He’d never even touched his cock, but he didn’t need to, not when he had a face full of sister pussy.  “He just came,” Karkat whispered, and Rose’s pussy gushed into her panties. Dave could feel her pussy twitch under his nose, and he pressed his nose closer, his lips parting wide so he could put the majority of her pussy into his mouth. His tongue slid across the thin fabric of her panties, licking up her flavor, and he sucked hard, mouthing at the imprint of her meaty labia.  “Hff, fuck,” Rose groaned out, her voice trembling and rough as she pressed her hand a bit harder against the back of Dave’s head. Dave moaned against her cunt, relishing in the way her pussy twitched and throbbed under his tongue.  “Take your skirt off, I want to watch,” Kanaya said, her words quickly followed by Karkat’s agreement. Dave moaned, sucking harder against Rose’s panties-covered pussy, his motions getting frantic and sloppy as he licked up her flavor. The scent and lack of oxygen were starting to get to his head, and he slurped along her drenched panties, rubbing the stiffened point of his tongue across her swollen clit.  “I – ah, I can’t move,” Rose huffed out, her hands curled along the waistband of her skirt but the rest of her body frozen in the throes of pleasure. Her cheeks were red and shiny with sweat, her lower half shivering with shocking, immoral ecstasy.  “My brother won’t stop licking my pussy,” Rose whimpered, a burst of arousal spraying across Dave’s lips. Dave groaned and redoubled his efforts, his head bobbing between Rose’s thighs under her skirt. They created a shocking, lewd image – a brother and sister, shamelessly indulging in a forbidden taboo.  “Dave, I want to feel you,” Rose sighed out, and Dave shivered hard, imaging the satisfying texture of her naked cunt on his mouth and fingers without clothing in the way. That finally snapped him out of his frantic daze, and Dave pulled himself out from under Rose’s skirt, his nose and lips shiny with his sister’s pussy juice.  With urgency, Rose lifted her hips up, tugging down both her skirt and her panties and pushing them down to her knees. From there, Dave tugged the clothing down the rest of the way, letting them limply fall onto the ground as he flickered his gaze up Rose’s half-naked body.  “Oh,” Dave groaned, his mouth watering as he stared unabashedly at his sister’s cunt. He’d never actually seen human pussy up close like this before, so he took it all in, admiring her plump mound adorned in pubic hair. Her bush was sticky and darker towards her swollen inner labia, likely soaking wet, while her entrance was an enticing shade of hot pink.  Rose spread her legs wider, her pussy clenching around nothing as Dave kneeled between her legs and stared at his sister’s horny pussy. She felt so exposed, cool air brushing against her bare legs and exposed cunt, but she’d never been wetter in her life.  “Come here,” Rose breathed out, rubbing a hand teasingly along her mound. Dave shot forward like she’d just flipped a switch for him, and he dived between her thighs, licking a wet stripe from her slightly-gaping entrance all the way up to her hard clit. Rose shivered, and Dave repeated the motion several times, his movements slow and firm as he traced up her cunt. At the top of her pussy, Dave slowed down even further, and then flicked his tongue hard against her clit, over and over without stopping. Rose’s stomach clenched, and she cried out desperately, her thighs shaking as she sprayed a hot stream of squirt against Dave’s chin. Groaning, Dave latched his mouth onto his sister’s pussy and drank down every drop of her cum, lapping against her sensitive cunt as she squirted hot liquid down her brother’s throat. Even though he’d just came, Dave was rock hard again, his cum-slicked cock pressing into the fabric of his pants. “Fuck,” Karkat gritted out as Dave’s mouth worked diligently against Rose’s pussy, drinking her salty cum until her stream stopped. Rose flopped limply back against the couch, her body twitching and trembling as Dave continued to suck and lick at her pussy despite her recent orgasm.  “Agh, Dave,” Rose hissed out, grasping the back of Dave’s head and moaning loudly as he swirled his tongue around her swollen clit, his chin sliding across her slippery cunt. Her whole body was shaking now, her nipples hard and sensitive under her bra and her pussy practically taking over every single one of her senses. She couldn’t even think of anything other than her brother’s mouth on her cunt, of how good he felt drinking her down.  “My pussy feels so good,” Rose groaned, her mouth falling open in a deep moan as Dave dragged his tongue over her labia, sucking her petals into his mouth and licking along every dripping centimeter of her. His movements became frantic, eager, and his whole face was buried against her cunt, rubbing and licking and sucking.  Dave moved his mouth up to her clit again, puffing hot breaths against her hard, needy clit as his fingers found their way inside her. Yelling out in shock, Rose arched her hips up, her eyes rolling back as her brother sucked her clit and fingered her cunt at the same time.  Unintelligible begging and moaning spilled from Rose’s lips, and she rocked her pussy into Dave’s face, mashing against his nose and teeth with horny little desperate humping motions. With a yell and a hand firmly holding Dave’s face in place, Rose came again, her pussy pulsing as Dave fingered and sucked her through it. She rode his face for several extended seconds, her hair sticking wetly to her sweaty skin.  Finally, he pulled back with a wet pop, his eyes glazed over and face red from lack of oxygen. Rose watched him, still flashing her pussy, as Dave licked his lips. He panted as he stared up at her, the shame in his eyes earlier now completely replaced with intense attraction.  “Ugh, I can’t wait anymore,” Karkat said, a growl in his voice, as he grabbed Dave by the shoulders and hauled him closer. Dave scooched towards his boyfriend, leaning up and meeting him halfway for a frantic kiss.  Needy, raw moans spilled from Karkat’s lips, and he dragged his tongue visibly along Dave’s face, licking up Kanaya and Rose’s cum. There was a writhing bulge in his pants, along with a wet stain that was soaked into the couch from his sopping nook.  Pulling back, Karkat stared hazily into Dave’s eyes, his lips parted in heavy breaths.  “Fuck me,” he demanded, leaning back and tugging off his pants. Spreading his bare thighs, Karkat showed off his swollen, flushed pussy, practically begging for it.  Glancing over at Rose and Kanaya, Dave groaned as he noticed they’d shifted on the couch to watch them better and were flashing their pussies, too. So much fucking pussy, Dave was drowning in it.  Pushing his pants down his hips, Dave tugged out his cum-slicked cock and quickly lined it up with Karkat’s cunt, pushing it inside easily. Karkat was so wet he squelched at the intrusion, his pussy dripping along Dave’s length.  Dave started up a fast, deep pace, pounding into Karkat’s pussy until his boyfriend was screaming and clawing at his back, his pussy squeezing his dick so hard he felt like he was going to pop at any moment. Luckily, Karkat didn’t last long, and Dave moaned as he came only a few moments after his boyfriend.  Feeling thoroughly fucked out, Dave plopped down onto the couch half-on top of Karkat, his chest heaving as he struggled to catch his breath after all of that.  “That was great, Dave, thanks for satiating my interest,” Kanaya said, moving to tie her skirt back. Dave felt a pang of sadness when he watched her pussy get covered up, but his body was at its limit. As much as he wanted to eat pussy all day, he knew he had to rest at least a little bit.  “Mine too, though I wasn’t initially planning on it,” Rose said, stroking a hand along the top of her mound. Her pussy was flushed and wet still, and she was a bit slower to cover up the tantalizing sight. Dave soaked it in.  “It was my pleasure, ladies,” Dave said, meaning every word of it. Karkat huffed, amused, and wrapped his arms languidly around his boyfriend’s shoulders.  “Let’s do this again sometime,” Karkat suggested. Kanaya and Rose both looked over at Dave, twin smiles curling up their lipstick-covered lips. Dave felt his cock twitch weakly.  “Absolutely.”
